I don't think you're even qualified to speak
Where did you come from, wild woman?
How dare you talk to my husband like this
Believe it or not, tear your mouth apart
Su Xiaoqian
What wind brought you here?
Zhao Tianhua worked so hard
Just marry a woman who can't get on the table like this
At a loss, you are still a wealthy family in Nanzhou
This is the daughter of the richest man awakening
Who made you talk like that?
Quickly apologize to Miss Su
Sorry, Miss Su.
It was my fault.
Pardon me?
Louder, I can't hear you
Sorry, Miss Su.
My wife just offended you
I've apologized now.
Can we go in?
Mr. Xu, you are still satisfied with their apology.
Good, I'm satisfied.